# Humble Beginnings

## Small Town Boy

Growing up, I was always what you would call, *DIFFERENT*...
I grew up in a small farm town in rural Indiana with a population of ~10,000, and a graduating class of 100 students.
A blue collar town were kids graduate (or drop out) and go straight into the workforce. Most 18 yo would go into a factory job or take over their family farm.

I was never so "cookie cutter"... I was always on the honor roll through school and loved the idea of learning and succeeding on exams.
Coming from a family with no previous college graduates, I set out to be the first.

My family always shot guns, fished, hunted, etc., and while I enjoy doing these at times, my true love in holding that DSLR and capturing beautiful images. 
I was just your average high school kid. 
I was a 3 sport athlete, playing football, basketball, and baseball all four years of high school. 
It was what you were supposed to do growing up. 
The pressures were immense to succeed, thrive, and ultimately BE THE BEST. 

But I was always more creatively thought out than others. 
I saw colors a different way. I was able to connect to emotions rather than just feel emotions. 
I could look at a scene and find every detail imaginable. 
So when I moved from my hometown to the biggest city in Indiana, my life changed *FOREVER*

I was no longer the boy with the belt buckle, cowboy hat, and the "shitkickers."
I was able to express how I truly felt inside. 
Jewelry came into the picture and I grew my hair out, I did all the things against the norm.

## How Photography Saved Me

After moving to Indianapolis in the fall of 2020, I was *LOST* (probably an understatement).
I was in an endless cycle of work, school, repeat. 
My body took a toll of rarely eating and not exercising enough to meet my body's demands. 
I finally said no more. 
I had a Canon Rebel T6 with the kit lens, that I rarely shot photos on anymore.
My college gave students tuition reimbursements as basically a COVID-19 relief. 
Due to my financial aid I was given around $900, and instead of using it for rent or utilities, I went ALL IN...
I went straight to Best Buy and bought a Canon EOS 90d and eventually bought the Sigma 18-35 F/ 1.8. 
I NEVER LOOKED BACK

The power of that camera in my hands was nothing that I've felt before. 
The release of the shutter..
Many days I spent walking the streets and fell in love with the art of street photography.
It was through street photography that my passion for photography was re-invented. 
My mentality quickly shifted and for the first time in a long time, I felt like myself.

Now that I am back in a small town for a short period of time, I have developed a new form of my photography realm.
My style has become more melodramatic and is more in touch with my emotions. 
I hope to dive more into my thought processes while shooting and post-processing at a later date:)
But until then...

### This is the Mind of Mcphe_eth...
