# Childhood Tyrant Becomes Adulthood Prisoner

## My First Encounter with "Adam"

I remember vividly my 10 year old self, sitting in the middle of my 5th grade science class. 
The "cool" kids behind me giggling at the old teacher pointing at the chalkboard. 
My middle school crush in the front row with her friends, while I sit alone. 

The teacher continues his normal rant of evolution and all things science. 
My heart begins to beat through my chest to the point I can see my shirt bouncing as if were a trampoline.
The beating is completely involuntary, and I cannot manage to settle the violent attack of chaos. 
My face begins to flush red, and my pores begin to panic and seep pools of sweat. 
The chaos caps as I begin to cry prefusely with no hesitation. 
Sprinting out of the classroom, I realize (with hindsight) this was my first encounter with "Adam."

## Who is "Adam?"

You see, "Adam" to me is that kid who hides in the shadows until I am most vulnerable. 
He doesn't come near me often, but when he does he bear hugs me whilst squeezing the life out of me. 
When "Adam" walked into the room, my life was no longer mine, it was his, and I was to adjust to fit his needs. 
My relationship with "Adam" is a tenured journey full of twists and turns, from the moment I met him to presently as I sit here writing to you. 
He came to that lost vulnerable 10 year old boy who was forced to grow up faster than children should. 
Those gentle arms opened to hold that kid, and his fangs slowly sank into the boy's back. 

## Where is "Adam?"

"Adam" never leaves. He is a constant in my life. 
He has found me in malls, while driving my car, speaking to a small group of people, and many more places. 
He leaves me wishing I could go home, crawl into my bed, and never get up. 
Even as I sit here, I know he is around me. 
But the thing is, I have fought back against "Adam."
I can mediate the chaos and quiet down his roars. 
I often find myself relying on "Adam" in the harshest of moments. 
"Adam" is everywhere, but no where at the same time. 

## What is "Adam?"

To that little boy who only cared about what Pokemon cards he was gonna pull from the 5 card pack from Walmart, "Adam" is the monster under the bed. 
The very thought of "Adam" is enough to make him cringe and give up any sort of resistance. 
But almost a decade later, "Adam" is a friend. 
"Adam" reminds me of much worse times, and he helps me appreciate how far I have come. 
I think everyone has an "Adam" or "Angela" or "Antionette," whatever you wanna call anxiety. 
"Adam" can cause damage beyond repair, but he can also bring a light so strong that results in much mental, physical, and financial successes. 

## "Adam's" Contribution to Mcphe_eth's Photography

"Adam" can be seen in almost all of my photography. 
The melancholy feel and vibe of the urban decay to cityscapes is a testament to the powers of "Adam."
I believe I would not be here if it was for "Adam" pushing me to photography and creative expression. 
He owns 99.99% of my work because he is the inspiration and motivation. 
My camera is my gun, the photos are the ammo, and I am the gunpower. 
I had spent my entire life on my knees begging and pleading at the feet of "Adam."
Photography set me free, and I can finally say I am in control of "Adam."

## What Next?

I plan to write another blog revealing the ways I overcame my anxiety, ways to use your anxiety for your benefit, and much much more. 
But until then...

### This is the Mind of Mcphe_eth...
