# Who is Mcphe_eth

## Photographer
Hello everyone! My name is Dominic, and I am a photographer based out of Indiana. I am a full-time student majoring in exercise science, but photography is my true passion. 
Photography has always been a big piece of my life. As a young kid, I would walk around my local town of 2,000 people with my grandmother wielding a disposable camera. 
Throughout my life, I have always felt more connected to my creative and vulnerable side more than others. 
I have tried several creative outlets from painting, drawing, oil, etc., but the artistry behind photography is a whole different process.
The idea of going into a new environment/traveling, adjusting your settings, and ultimately hitting that shutter button... WOW...
you have just captured not just any image, but YOUR image. There just something special about that you know. Nobody can take that moment away from you. 
Post-processing has its perks (meditating to some/pain to another), but taking that picture. Like that camera setting says "RAW."
My creativity is shown in the photos I take: angles, subjects, tones, depth of field, etc. These are all unique to me and are all bias to how I feel as a person. 
These are some reasons I am proud to proclaim myself a photographer. 

## "Roadmap"
The term "roadmap" can mean a lot of things. It can be manipulated, abused, and discarded the moment people throw their money your way. 
Writing has always come natural to me, and thanks to the friend that onboarded me to this platform and has helped me dive into the world of blogging.
I hope to use this to not only help others to get to know the real mcphe_eth behind the pfp, but to help me get to know the real mcphe_eth. 
I look forward to putting much more blogs out about anything and everything. 
This will be the place I lay my heart out and truly expose who I am as not only a photographer, but as a 19 y.o. human. 

### This is the Mind of Mcphe_eth...
